I don’t want the video when I come down. That’s the way.
Himself. But he couldn't lose and found an entity that seemed to be powerful.
How come?
I found an entity in Po Miao.
After inspection, I found that he was assassinated.
You are definitely the eldest prince. I am not sure yet.
But we found the eldest prince's adoptive parents.
Together they have become able to distinguish between true and false.
Acceptance from the spiritual rich. Can you get there?
If you can get to heaven, go as soon as possible.
What's the news? Are you sick?
I am a dog dog dog dog dog dog dog dog dog dog dog dog dog dog dog dog dog dog dog dog dog dog dog dog dog dog dog dog dog dog dog dog dog dog dog dog dog dog dog dog dog dog dog dog dog dog dog dog dog dog dog dog dog dog dog dog dog.
What's the response?